do you ever look inside your clayo
account or whatever email platform
you're using and kind of just think to
yourself why are these emails not making
me more money why are they not
converting higher I feel like these
numbers are low I hear stories of people
generating over 40% of their total
revenue from email why aren't mine doing
that is it because my emails suck
probably well I'm kidding maybe but I
can hit up by at least 10 seven and
eight figure e-commerce Brands every
single week asking me what is wrong with
my emails why aren't they working please
help in the second they implement this
stupid little trick that you're probably
going to laugh at and all their emails
just start converting higher getting
more engagement they make a ton more
money and then I look a lot smarter than
I really am okay so let's like break
down the email conversion problem and
why you're emails aren't converting like
they should be now there are two main
reasons why this may be occurring one
you look exactly like everybody else out
there sending emails the thousands and
thousands of brands that are getting
started up every single day and the
thousands of other brands in your Niche
you just look exactly like them so
there's no way for you to stand out or
give a reason for the customer to buy or
number two you're making it incredibly
difficult for your customer customer to
actually click your email to go then
purchase I can tell you this because
I've used this strategy and this little
trick to generate over $40 million and
scale over 10078 figureure e-commerce
brands in just the past 3 years even
generating a total of 55% of revenue
from email and SMS for a 8 fig
e-commerce brand so let's do this okay
so I have this burner email account here
and let's just like what do you notice
like with these emails as like I'm going
through them so we have one here here's
like another here pretty cool stuff yada
yada yada uh bunch of offers colors
crazy stuff let's go to like our
promotions tab as well we have tons of
stuff coming in and you know what do you
notice about these emails maybe you're
noticing it same time as me but kind of
what we're seeing is just images colors
craziness all up in your face and I mean
this stuff does have a time in a place
but every single email that I'm
receiving is all these crazy colors and
bunch of stuff going on now what if you
can stand out by not being this random
corporate brand who's trying to just
sell you all their stuff and be like bye
bye bye and you could be a personal
person like this right here send just
simple text and have this stand out to
try to get sales do you think this is a
little bit more personal and do you
think this is going to stand out and do
you think this is easier for somebody to
click than all this crazy stuff that all
these other people are doing according
to the numbers yes now this is a mid
eight figure brand and they're sending
personal emails like this and this is
why they are a mid eight figure brand so
heading over to this page what we have
is we just have so many emails with just
like crazy Yad y y byy Bye byy by by byy
buy my stuff there's so many different
buttons and everybody's just like
getting super super overwhelmed and you
look exactly like everybody now if you
want to Skyrocket your email conversions
and click rates you go with this
text-based email approach now I'm going
to walk you through five different
examples of Brands using these
text-based emails to get more
conversions and I want to preface this
by saying you can't send this every
single time you can't just do text-based
emails every single time people are Tik
Tok dope iine they're crazy they like
colors and crazy stuff but you can be
really intentional with when you're
using these text-based emails how often
you're sending them so that you can
maximize your sales but still get the
long-term engagement that you need by
using graphic based emails as well but
let's take a look at this email and why
it converts so well so it's from the
founder it's saying the name of the
founder Corbin the flavor Creator Craver
from breeze so it's very personal when
somebody sees the name right here when
they get the email they're like oh this
is personal did this person actually
send this to me then you open it up and
it looks exactly like a friend you say
heyo and then look at how little text
there is the customer doesn't need a
scroll or anything it's just right in
your face you can easily skim this and
it's overcoming a common objection about
the brand it's just what does Breeze
taste like and so that's going to
capture my attention this is a welcome
email one of the welcome emails and so
it's just talking about one of the
objections what does it taste like I'm
nervous about it and then it's just
super friendly super simple and look at
how easy it is to just see the button
compared to designed emails where
buttons are kind of hidden and you have
to scroll for them it's just right here
so easy to click a lot of people are
just going to read this first line skim
this see Sprite for adults and then
they're just going to click here now
let's look at another example we have
another mid eight figure brand same sort
of thing from the founder James from the
brand and you know personal line hey
there it's the creator of magic mind
here and then you're giving some
information about the product keeping it
super simple you're not using crazy
colors and then leading to just a bottom
shop now button which is so easy to see
when you open this email your eyes just
gravitate towards that button and make
it super easy for you to click you have
personal lines like this making somebody
feel like you're personally reaching out
to them and it just goes a long ways
people want to buy from people they
don't want to buy from corporations so
even if you are a big company big
Corporation you can Implement these
emails to stand out and not be that
annoying corporate brand who's just
sending you a ton of sales here's
another example this is one of just like
checking in on your experience like how
would you feel if the founder or some
director of a brand like personally
reached out to you you can see it has
the person's first name I hope you're
keeping in good health this is my name
it's been nearly 3 weeks since you
started your journey by now your teeth
should be seeing this I mean who is
doing this what does it say about your
brand and how much you care about your
customers if you can send stuff like
this and then your eyes just gravitate
towards the button and I'd guess that
this email is going to convert a lot of
people just based on you know what I
like this brand I like this you know
what I will go check out some of the
other products and again warm wishes
thank you for being a valued member it's
just so personal and not that crazy
corporate designed email and we have two
more examples I want to quickly show you
here um for this one Joy mode from
Caitlyn XOXO again personal opening line
and just really connecting to people
emotionally now this is kind of a crazy
product which has to do with the bedroom
and I love how their target market is
men but they're sending this from a
female and this person might not even
exist if you are the founder marketing
director and you don't want to be like
named you can create a character if you
want you could say Max you can use my
name if you want I don't care and just
have it be a character like maybe
Caitlyn isn't a person maybe they are
for this brand but if you're talking
about a woman and in the bedroom and
you're marketing towards men and a woman
is talking to you about this it's going
to hit home a lot better if I had to
guess giving tips to the customer and
just giving a ton of value making it
personal and then of course clear easy
button that leads us to our next one
here and this one I'm not sure exactly
where in the customer Journey this
happens maybe it's after like somebody
sign up for the email list and it's been
like 2 weeks and they haven't purchased
but again reaching out from the founder
I noticed you haven't pulled the trigger
on your duffel and want to see if you
have any questions I could answer so
personal you feel cared for you feel
looked after that this founder is
reaching out to you asking about the
questions and then offering resources
these are like some objections that
people would have addressing them
directly and saying like hey you can
reply to this email or hit us up on
Instagram and we're going to respond to
you ASAP and then giving a personalized
discount free shipping included making
the customer feel special get organized
stay focused perform your best personal
simple super easy for the customer to
click I promise if you implement these
text-based emails into your email
strategy insert them into key moments
inside your flow such as like your card
abandoned emails certain parts of your
welcome flow and then you implement
these into like your campaign calendar
maybe send two to three per month your
conversions are going to Skyrocket
people are going to feel cared for about
your brand this is how you actually
create raving fans now I know that's
super simple but it really does go a
long ways you're going to notice your
conversions in the long run increase as
people feel looked after so use these
five five examples hopefully you took
screenshots save this video Whatever
send it to your copywriter and Implement
these I promise you're going to be blown
away by the results the first time you
send one of these emails and the amount
of clicks that it gets and the amount of
Revenue even if you don't ask for a
purchase that's it for this quick video
make sure to implement these let me know
how the results are and I look forward
to seeing the results